>> Steve Kinney: So now,
what we can do is, we can go ahead and
we can modify ad clipping to
actually read from the clipboard.
So, we have the clippings,
we'll say content = clipboard.readText.
>> Steve Kinney: What do
you think readText does?
>> Steve Kinney: Not all at once.
[LAUGH] Read text in the clipboard, right?
And we'll do,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll cheat.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll use this Date.now,
which will give us a unique-ish number.
And then we'll say const clipping
is that id and that content.
Now, instead of this,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll go ahead,
we've got that built one in there, and
then get whatever the last thing I copied,
as you can see, it was clearly that.
I'll go ahead and let's grab this little
helpful error message, and copy it.
And I'm reading from the clipboard,
and immediately adding it to
the application state, right?
So all of the sudden,
we're most of the way there.
Pretty quickly, just read whatever is
on the clipboard, and add it in there.
The other trick, of course, would be
to write stuff back to the clipboard.
This is cool if you wanna save stuff
from your clipboard for posterity.
The other thing that we're probably
going to want to do is go ahead and
write it back to the clipboard.
>> Steve Kinney: So
we're gonna give ourselves,
that one can have everything
it needs passed in.
So we'll say const writeToClipboard,
which will take some kind of content.
And we'll call clipboard.writeText,
and you can see, there's all sorts
of stuff that I could write.
Do HTML, write rich text,
so on and so forth.
We're gonna keep it simple.
I'm going to write that content
back to the clipboard, which means
that now we have that clipboard
button in my clipping component.
I could say something like,
>> Steve Kinney: Pass in an arrow
function of,
>> Steve Kinney: writeToClipboard
with that content.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
let's try it out.
>> Steve Kinney: Now you can see, this
application has a problem right now where
it loses everything, other than what I
hard-coded in, every time I refresh.
That's not great user experience,
we'll fix that with a database later.
Let's go ahead and
just copy this, let's paste it.
>> Steve Kinney: So then I can go
ahead and grab this over here.
Copy it in, paste the wall, put this back
on the clipboard, paste the whole thing.